Hear what is up guys and welcome back so now in this video I'm going to show you that how can you send
emails to all of them.
You can see the essays I NZL meaningless.
OK.
This is my domain name mailing list and I want to send them a test email so let's just go to the skyway
here and let's just go to the home page so this is our dashboard.
Basically we can say and now I want to basically send them an e-mail.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to create a campaign and then here I want to just go ahead and
I want to hit create an e-mail.
OK.
So it create an e-mail.
I'm just going to come here and my campaign name is going to be like I Ziel test.
OK.
So I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to begin.
Is just going to begin this and now here it is.
Who are you sending to.
OK.
I'm just going to select.
And like I NZL mailing list.
I just want to send them and it has croupe our segment.
OK.
So you can dislike the entire list and saved or pre-build segment.
So you're going to select like group a system and like a date recipient you can just add anyone in the
crew.
If the e-mail address first name is this then you want to add him or if the e-mail address can be an
activity is this if he is in the VIP is his last name is this.
If a sign up source is like this.
If his location is like this like OK or if his location is in the United States so we can just filter
them.
So the United States and then I'm going to hit validate location.
So is just going to validate the location and then we can just say like this I'm just going to select
to use location.
So you can see that I can add it.
So this is always going to work ok.
I'm just going to say like like the entire list I want to send so I have three recipients everyone.
And your list will receive this e-mail.
OK.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit next right now so it's just going to take me to the
next step.
And here is my campaign name internal use only X-News later test for.
So then we have the e-mail subject so email subject is going to be like this is the test e-mail to you
OK.
And then I have the previous text so my private text is going to be like this snippet appeared in the
inbox after the subject line.
So I don't want to add anything here.
OK and then we have there from name and then I have the from e-mail address and then I have track opens
and everything like here.
So you can just select it like how you want to linking and clickable click.
But I don't want to select anything.
You can also just auto post your campaign to Facebook.
OK but I don't want to on a bus I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit next.
So it's just going to take me to the next page.
And here it say's here it gives you basically the layouts that you can just go ahead and then you can
edit some stuff and then you can send the mail.
So this is exactly like the elementary guys.
OK.
But I just want it to be like a simple text.
I just want to still send them a simple text to all of my e-mail subscribers.
OK.
And then here I am just going to tell you Mr. Faber it's time to design your e-mail.
This this and this so what I'm going to do now I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to move this
away and then I'm also going to remove this.
So here we have this what I'm going to do right now I am just going to drag the text right here and
here I want to just edit it.
So I'm going to add it like I am soon launching a complete Wade press of course
it vill be launched on new year
so you can see this is right here.
OK.
What I want to do right now I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to save and close.
So skip these messages.
OK.
You can just just add the box layout box stacks you can add the divider or you can add the image crop
you can add pretty well anything that you want to add so you can also add the just like this and you
can also add the footer and everything.
OK.
Now what I want to do I just want to go ahead and I want to hit next so you can see and say is MailChimp
full deliver these two items the whole subject line.
This is a test e-mail to you.
All replies will be sent to this tracking.
You can choose trackings social sharing media your campaign you are Daleville be dis.
OK.
And then I have the HDMI I'll email you we're sending an email using the simple text is template plain
text email.
Ok a plain text version of this email will be generated included automatically and monkey towards.
OK.
MailChimp affiliate link is included in your template footer.
So what I'm going to do right now I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit send now so you can
see it is now you can see that e-mail has been sent.
OK.
It's in the queue.
OK so I can just track the performances and reports.
OK.
You can see the e-mail.
I think it has been sent trate now.
Let's just go ahead and let's see the e-mails so I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to open up
my gmail account.
The e-mails should be sent.
So let's see if we have received the e-mail or not.
It is not right here.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to open up the spam to see if I have received it so I haven't
received it now.
OK.
I must have received.
This is right here.
And the promotion stopped so if I just open this up I can see it.
This is a test e-mail to you.
So this is by Aitan zeal.
I'm soon launching of course.
I'm so longeing of course it will be launched on New-Year's.
So these days are mailing addresses this address to your address book one to change your want to change
how you received this email.
You can update your preferences or unsubscribe from the list.
We are just telling them and it is also showing that you are seeing this e-mail because you subscribe
to the list.
OK this is one day of the end turned dad in the section and be just trying to create the list of hey
just come here and I just go to the list here and see are many who are creating this list.
Basically we added this so you are seeing this e-mail because you subscribe to your list and our mailing
address is is an address to your address book.
Why don't charge want to change how you receive these emails you can update your preferences and or
unsubscribe from the list.
If anyone wants to unsubscribe again just go ahead and he can just unsubscribe as well so you can see
everything is totally up and running.
And this email is also being sent.
So if I just also go with the meal at yahoo dot com OK.
Now let's see if if it has given us the email in that account.
So I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to log myself in
OK here it is.
It says the zealot Aitan zeal and it says this is the test email to you.
And email is also right here.
You can see this is totally up and running.
And this is right.
Him.
This message contains some logged images.
I'm just going to.
So images should show the images it says.
I'm so longeing and complete WordPress course it will be launched on the new year and our mailing address
is does your address book.
And this is how this is where you can get just working.
Totally awesome guy so you can see how great it is working.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
And you can just customize this email that how it looks.
If you want to remove that thing that how the footer and everything you can also remove it so like there
should be no MailChimp icon here.
Signals are moved by just shifting to the proabortion and there will be no Melksham icon so you can
see everything is totally up and running in the next video.
I'm going to show you how can you basically create a lead.
OK how that page will work how can you add the Facebook ads into it.
OK and then how can you get a lot of emails.
Also send your product.
So in the next video I'll be showing you that.
So Stadion guys and Buh-Bye.